Update readme (#13)
DevExpress-Examples/web-reporting-integrate-ai-assistant: README.md

Reviewer: Vova asked us to keep articles in headings.
```suggestion
# Reports for ASP.NET Core - Integrate an AI Assistant (Azure OpenAI)
```

> [!NOTE]  
> DevExpress AI-powered extensions follow the "bring your own key" principle. DevExpress does not offer a REST API and does not ship any built-in LLMs/SLMs. You need an active Azure/Open AI subscription to obtain the REST API endpoint, key, and model deployment name. These variables must be specified at application startup to register AI clients and enable DevExpress AI-powered Extensions in your application.

> Create an Azure OpenAI resource in the Azure portal. Refer to the following help topic for additional information in this regard: [Microsoft - Create and deploy an Azure OpenAI Service resource](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an Azure OpenAI resource in the Azure portal. Refer to the following help topic for additional information: [Microsoft - Create and deploy an Azure OpenAI Service resource](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal).
```

> Once you obtain a private endpoint and an API key, register them as `AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT` and `AZURE_OPENAI_APIKEY` environment variables. The [EnvSettings.cs](./CS/ReportingApp/EnvSettings.cs) file reads these settings. `DeploymentName` is the name of your Azure model deployment. The model must support the Responses API, File Search, and Code Interpreter tools (for example, `gpt-5.4`):

Reviewer: We do not use "the" in lists connected with "and".

```suggestion
Once you obtain a private endpoint and an API key, register them as `AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT` and `AZURE_OPENAI_APIKEY` environment variables. The [EnvSettings.cs](./CS/ReportingApp/EnvSettings.cs) file reads these settings. `DeploymentName` is the name of your Azure model deployment. The model must support Responses API, File Search, and Code Interpreter tools (for example, `gpt-5.4`):
```

#### Register AI Services

Register AI services in your application. Add the following code to the _Program.cs_ file:

```cs
using Azure;
using Azure.AI.OpenAI;
using ReportingApp.Services;
using Microsoft.Extensions.Logging;
// ...
var azureOpenAIClient = new AzureOpenAIClient(
    new Uri(EnvSettings.AzureOpenAIEndpoint),
    new AzureKeyCredential(EnvSettings.AzureOpenAIKey));

// Create a Responses API agent (with File Search and Code Interpreter tools) for each chat.
builder.Services.AddSingleton<AgentFactory>(sp =>
    new(azureOpenAIClient, EnvSettings.DeploymentName, sp.GetRequiredService<ILogger<AgentFactory>>()));
builder.Services.AddSingleton<IAIReportingChatService, AIReportingChatService>();
// ...
```

Files to Review: 
- [Program.cs](./CS/ReportingApp/Program.cs)

#### AI Assistant Provider

On the server side, the `AIReportingChatService` service manages chat sessions:

```cs
public interface IAIReportingChatService {
    IChatResponseProvider GetChatProvider(string sessionId);
    Task<string> OpenDocumentChatAsync(Stream data);
    Task<string> OpenDesignerChatAsync();
    Task CloseChatAsync(string sessionId);
}
```

> The `AgentFactory` class creates the agent that answers user questions. When a chat opens, `AgentFactory.CreateAgentWithFileAsync`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AgentFactory` class creates an agent that answers questions. When a chat opens, `AgentFactory.CreateAgentWithFileAsync` does the following:
```

1. Uploads the source PDF to Azure OpenAI and adds it to a short-lived vector store.
2. Creates a Responses API agent with File Search and Code Interpreter tools. The agent reads the document content and runs calculations to answer data-driven questions.
3. Starts a session that preserves the conversation history.
4. Returns an `IChatResponseProvider`.

> `AIReportingChatService` stores each provider by session id and deletes the uploaded file and vector store when the chat is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AIReportingChatService` stores each provider by session id, and deletes the uploaded file and vector store when the chat is closed.
```

For information on the OpenAI Responses API, refer to the following documents: 
- [Azure OpenAI Responses API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/foundry/openai/how-to/responses?tabs=csharp)
- [OpenAI Responses API](https://developers.openai.com/api/reference/responses/overview)
- [File Search tool](https://developers.openai.com/api/docs/guides/tools-file-search)
- [Code Interpreter tool](https://developers.openai.com/api/docs/guides/tools-code-interpreter)

> You can review and tailor the agent instructions in the following file: [AgentInstructions.cs](./CS/ReportingApp/Services/AgentInstructions.cs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review and tailor agent instructions in the following file: [AgentInstructions.cs](./CS/ReportingApp/Services/AgentInstructions.cs).
```

```js
async function BeforeRender(sender, args) {
    const result = await fetch(`/AI/CreateUserAssistant`);
    const chatId = await result.text();
    // ...
}
```

> The `AIController.CreateUserAssistant` action calls `AIReportingChatService.OpenDesignerChatAsync`, which reads the *documentation.pdf* file ([end-user documentation for Web Reporting Controls](https://github.com/DevExpress/dotnet-eud) in PDF format) and opens a chat based on the specified prompt. See the [AIReportingChatService.cs](./CS/ReportingApp/Services/AIReportingChatService.cs) file for implementation details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AIController.CreateUserAssistant` action calls `AIReportingChatService.OpenDesignerChatAsync` to read the *documentation.pdf* file ([end-user documentation for Web Reporting Controls](https://github.com/DevExpress/dotnet-eud) in PDF format) and creates a chat based on the specified prompt. See the [AIReportingChatService.cs](./CS/ReportingApp/Services/AIReportingChatService.cs) file to review implementation details.
```
